Your birthday present.
- You already got me flowers.
- No. should have done better.
If it's not too late. I'd like
to buy you some new perfume.
- That's what you wanted. isn't it?
- Did Ilsa tell you that?
I don't want to choose it for you.
You pick it out and I'll pay for it.
Afterwards.
I'll take you to dinner.
How do you know about
sheep diseases?
Charlotte's family
kept sheep on Arran.
It's probably a tax write-off.
I spent a bit of time there before her
stepmom climbed into my bed.
No.
- What did you do?
- Well.
I really don't...
you don't have to tell me.
- I didn't shag her.
- Oh. no.
It was 1:00 in the morning.
I jumped up.
I fell over the washstand.
Charlotte ran in.
thought I'd keeled over pissed.
She started screaming and then Sir
Anthony came up in his dressing gown.
but he hadn't done the belt right.
You haven't truly experienced
the ruling classes
until you've had a knight of the realm
shout at you with his cock hanging out.
He collected stamps
and shotguns.
And wives.
She was number three.
What?
Well. I mean.
I can't really talk. can I?
I screwed up my marriage
in less than a year.
You didn't screw it up.
Matthew had the affair.
Yeah. but I...
I never really
wanted to be there.
You know. I tried to end it
on our honeymoon.
It was just...
It was all wrong. really.
but I chickened out.
Anyway. people keep trying
to set me up.
How's that going?
It's not.
None of them are--
Sorry.
I still can't get used to heels.
I struggle with them too.
- I'll get you a taxi.
- No. you don't need to do that.
- You spent way too much.
- You're doing OK.
Look. that's down to you.
It's the least I can do.
I should do more.
Taxi!
Strike. I...
Night.
The model was a redhead.
Elizabeth Siddal.
Do you know about her?
She married Rossetti.
got her heart broken.
What do you see?
I guess roses and nettles.
It's like he's saying
love and pain belong together.
Yes.
Have you got an appointment?
- No.
- We're strictly by appointment.
Then can I make an appointment
to see Robin Ellacott straight away?
Daisies for innocence
and a willow tree for purity.
It's Ophelia's whole story.
Are you up to seeing someone?
I can tell her to come back.
- Who is she?
- Her name's Edie Ledwell.
Is she a nutter?
Do you want me to ask her?
- Any kissing?
- He hasn't touched her.
Maybe he's not interested.
I don't think he's after her views
on pre-Raphaelite painters.
So Midge.
how are you finding the job?
Yeah. loving it. Plenty of fresh air.
I'm due in Mayfair.
Keep your camera ready.
If they kiss. it'll be one and done.
Why isn't your name on the door?
- The door was there before me.
- But you're here now.
It's just a door.
Look. I'm really sorry.
I'm afraid if it's about a case.
we're not taking on any new clients.
There's a waiting list.
Can I smoke?
It's a nonsmoking building.
Well. somebody smokes.
Not in office hours.
It's fine. I've got gum.
And...
That's for you.
We're fully booked.
Well. I can pay more
than your usual rate.
Look. if I'm honest.
I'm totally desperate.
so you can charge me
whatever you like.
Can I at least tell you
what it is. please?
I don't know what else to do.
- Do you want to take a seat?
- No.
Have you heard of
the "Ink Black Heart"?
- It's a TV show. isn't it?
- It is now.
It started as a cartoon
we put on the web.
Me and my ex-boyfriend made it.
It's going to be a film soon.
Sorry. I just really need...
We've got a lot of fans
and most of them are great.
but one of them is...
Oh. fuck it.
Can I please have a cigarette?
Yeah. you can have one
out the window.
One of the fans
is stalking me online.
And it's not because they like me.
They completely hate me.
It's like they've made it their mission
to make my life unbearable.
I mean. I can handle the trolls.
but this is nothing like that.
This has been every single day
for three years.
- If it's stalking. then the police--
- I've already tried.
They can't do anything because no one
knows this person's real name.
They use the name Anomie
for all their accounts.
Anomie was one of the creators
of an online game
based on my cartoon.
They've posted pictures of my flat.
told people I used to work
as a prostitute. which isn't true.
They've even convinced Josh
that I'm Anomie.
Like I'm harassing myself
just to get sympathy.
Josh is who I made the show with.
This is someone I used to love
and even he thinks
that I'm a scheming bitch.
Everything is poisoned.
And I feel like
I'm losing my mind.
And you want to know what
the worst thing is?
Anomie is someone who knows me.
They know loads of stuff
and true things.
like when
I tried to kill myself.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's all right.
Hardly anyone knew.
but Anomie did.
They knew which hospital I was in.
They tweeted it.
Saying I'd done it for attention.
I think I've covered everything.
It's all in the folder.
I think there's a possibility
it might be somebody I used
to live with. a guy called Pez.
- Miss Ledwell--
- The point is I don't know.
These people were my friends.
and...
now I'm thinking. is it you?
Do you really hate me that much?
Please help me.
Look.
Even if we were available. we just don't
have that kind of expertise.
These agencies are
cyber specialists.
They're both good.
I...
I really wanted it to be you.
I've read about you.
- Mr. Strike is very good at what he does.
- No. no. I wanted you.
But it's OK.
I get it. You're too busy.
So am I.
- Is there really no chance at all?
- One of those agencies will help you.
What happened to your neck?
I'm just clumsy.
That's two hours of the worst
conversation you'll ever hear.
Right at the end.
he says he's got a flat in Chelsea.
Can you ask the client if she
knows anything about that?
- Will do.
- Thanks.
I'm really sorry
we couldn't be of more help.
Thanks.
All right. well. bye. then.
You should get this door fixed.
- Oh. my sister's going to a party.
- Why didn't she invite you?
Because I'm dead. Because you've
eaten off all my skin and flesh.
- It's not like you were using it.
- Sad. So very sad.
Come on. Paperwhite. You're dead.
Things can only get better.
Begone. foul thing!
I'm not foul.
Look at yourself.
A good heart is pink.
- You are pickled in evil.
- Can we still play together?
Yes.
Let's play a game. bwah.
Drek wants to play.
Is that the "Ink Black Heart"?
Tell me you're not into that.
- Why?
- My ex was obsessed.
She used to do all the voices.
Sad. so very sad.
Play the game. bwah.
Oh. shoot me now.
The person who created it
just came in.
What. Edie Ledwell?
Yeah.
Did your ex talk about her as well?
Oh. yeah. In Beth's world.
Edie Ledwell is a bigot. a phobe.
a racist. a disablist.
Is she. though?
Probably not.
But Beth basically lives her life online.
And you're not a true ally
unless you've burnt someone
at the stake before breakfast.
She's left this in the loo.
- Did she leave an address?
- No.
And she's done it on purpose.
hasn't she?
She's probably got an agent.
I'll get it back to her.
- What? You're not taking her case?
- We can't. We've got no capacity.
We most definitely do not.
Keeping in the office like a teenager
because you've been out
working so late.
I'm agreeing with you.
Do you know where
I'm supposed to be next?
Petherton Road.
Infidelity.
So a couple of your fans
have created an online game
based on one of your characters.
Yeah. Drek's game.
We checked that out.
The detail is unreal.
Anomie and Morehouse.
thanks very much.
It is weird. though.
because in our cartoon.
Drek's game
isn't really a game.
You know. the whole point is
that Drek makes up the rules
as he goes along
so he can watch everyone lose.
It's not a game
you can actually play.
Anomie and Morehouse
don't seem to understand that.
Robin reckons that job
might be finished now.
She could do the antiques job with you
if it still needs two people.
Put her and Barclay on it.
- Sam's doing the other thing in Chelsea.
- I'll take over on the Chelsea job.
Thank you.
- Allan Yeoman.
- Robin Ellacott.
- I'm a private detective.
- Yes. Edie said she'd met you.
Were you expecting me?
Well. she did say that
if you happen to come by.
that I might try
to change your mind.
I did give her the names
of two digital specialists.
I've called the ones you suggested.
Fingers crossed.
Great. Here's her file.
- Will you give Edie my best?
- One second.
She left this for you on
the off chance you'd drop in.
She didn't mean to waste your time.
She just had her heart set on you.
Can I ask. why does Anomie
hate her so much?
He's built an entire game
dedicated to her cartoon.
I'd have thought she'd be his hero.
All we can think of is
she once said in an interview
she thought Drek's game didn't
understand Drek's character.
I think I might have seen that.
She said that Drek's games aren't really
games you can play in the cartoon.
That's when the abuse
from Anomie started.
Three years later. here we are.
She's really been through hell.
Her breakup with Josh was terrible.
and now he's accused her of doing
all manner of nasty things.
I've been very worried about her.
Will you tell her that I watched the show
and I really liked it?
She's very talented.
She is.
And yes. I'll do that.
Thank you.
Take care.
Bye.
- Ilsa.
- Hello.
Thanks for coming.
I can't wait to show you this.
- I'll wait outside.
- Thank you.
And there's only one bedroom.
but I can get a sofa bed in here.
I think it's great.
What's the chain situation?
There's no chain.
The landlord wants a quick sale. so.
What does Cormoran think of it?
I haven't told him yet.
What's going on
with the two of you?
What?
Well. I'll tell him at some point.
Don't try to bullshit me.
I've been a lawyer
since I was a fetus.
Well. Cormoran took me out
for my birthday last month.
And as I was leaving. he...
went to kiss me.
- Oh. my God.
- I just panicked.
I kind of pulled away. And...
I can still remember
the look on his face.
He just sort of bundled me
into a taxi and that was that.
I just panicked.
Why?
I don't know.
Come on.
Because...
I knew he'd regret it
once he sobered up.
And I couldn't stand
the idea of hearing him say
that it was a mistake. I just...
I just didn't want to hear him
say he hadn't meant it.
So what are you saying?
You in love with him?
I definitely don't want to be.
That'd screw everything up.
You haven't talked about it?
You know. the agency means a lot to me.
and I don't want to mess that up.
Anyway. I've got a mortgage now.
so I need to focus on the job.
It's exactly what he'd say.
Can you bill eight hours
on the Fingers case?
Thanks.
Did you see that?
He's come in with an overnight bag.
Pat. I'm trying to concentrate.
It's called success syndrome.
Once all your bills are paid
and you're on top of your game.
you start filling the void with booze
and unsuitable women and cigarettes.
Isn't this the girl we had
in here a while back?
Oh. Edie Ledwell. Yeah.
Has her film been announced?
No. love.
She's been murdered.
Mr. Strike.
Could you come in here?
Thanks.
Want something stronger?
I don't want to talk
to the police smelling of booze.
I'm fine. I...
If I keeled over every time
someone was stabbed in London.
I'd spend half my life unconscious.
Her being killed had nothing to do
with us not taking the case.
You know that. don't you?
Yeah. obviously I know that.
She was desperate. though.
Can you just...
Can you just give me a couple
minutes to get myself together?
Evening. I'm DCI Richard Murphy.
- This is Angela Darwish.
- Cormoran Strike. Head through there.
- How are we spelling "Anomie"?
- A-N-O-M-I-E.
It means a lack of usual ethical
and social standards.
It can also mean feeling
disconnected from people.
Edie wanted us to find out
who they were.
She thought it was probably
someone close to her
because when
she tried to kill herself.
Anomie knew which hospital
she was sent to.
She mentioned someone
she used to live with.
Was that Wally Cardew?
I think it was
someone called Pez. I think.
I didn't take notes because
I knew we couldn't take the case.
How was her state of mind?
She was anxious.
She needed to smoke.
She bit her fingernails.
Her clothes were creased.
I mean. she had an expensive handbag.
but her boots needed reheeling.
And she had fingertip bruising
on her neck.
I asked her about it.
She just made up an excuse.
Was she in a relationship?
She had a fiancé.
but he's not a suspect.
Did she say anything about being
attacked for her political beliefs?
She didn't mention politics. no.
Well. unless
you've got anything.
No. I think
we're all done here.
Sorry.
Can I ask what happened?
I know you're not allowed
to share anything officially.
but we've got great
relationships with the police.
and we're used
to confidentiality.
I think that would be OK.
She was due to meet a man called
Josh Blay in Highgate Cemetery.
- Her ex-boyfriend.
- They were both attacked.
We think she was already dead
before he arrived.
Now. he's had surgery.
but he's still touch-and-go.
Any witnesses?
No. Nothing on cameras either.
Now. her phone was taken.
so we're hoping they'll be
stupid enough to turn it on.
I'm afraid that's all we can share.
Thank you.
I need to get hold of you.
where are you based?
Everything goes through
DCI Murphy.
Understood.
Thanks again.
- Sorry. Do you mind?
- Beat me to it.
Did you notice the way he's DCI Murphy
but she's just Angela Darwish?
I asked how I could get hold
of her and she dodged it.
What are you saying?
I think she might be MI5.
They work with the police
on counter-terrorism.
Why would Edie Ledwell
be a target for terrorists?
I don't know. They did ask
about her politics. didn't they?
And that guy they mentioned.
Wally Cardew.
used to voice a character on her cartoon.
but she sacked him for being alt-right.
It's not our case. though. is it?
So we're wasting our time.
I'm going to go home.
See you.
Where do we start?
- Well. you know where we started.
- Yeah. I'm talking about for this.
Where do we start?
Talk about your plans
for world domination.
That's a given.
Katya. what do you reckon?
Katya is our media mastermind.
So this video is all her fault?
Edie and Josh. you're two episodes in.
You've had a great reaction.
What do you want to say
to all the people
who've discovered
the "Ink Black Heart"?
- Thank you?
- Don't make it sound like a question.
It's like you're not sure
if you should give a shit.
Should I?
Thank you for watching.
We really appreciate it a lot.
So I got fired from playing
Drek because I made some jokes.
Process that.
A comedy cartoon fires me
for doing comedy sketches.
Did I pick on disabled people?
No. I went for everyone.
And I wasn't even going for them.
I was going for the kind of idiots
that fire people like me over "values."
I mean. what values are
we talking about. Edie?
Because we all know your values.
Shagging other people's boyfriends.
nicking other people's ideas.
Are they values? I don't know.
Ask Kea Niven maybe.
Where did the inspiration
for Harty come from?
Well. when I was a kid. my mum told me
this story about this evil person
who swapped their heart for a stone
so they wouldn't have to feel any
remorse for the things they'd done.
And then we were
in the cemetery one day
and I had this idea
that maybe the heart lived on
after the evil man was buried.
But it's turned black
'cause he's pickled in evil.
Oh. but he's not really evil. though.
It's just no one will believe him
because of who his owner was.
Thank you.
What's up. everyone?
Can't say "bwah" anymore
because apparently.
that's copyright infringement.
Even though me saying
it that exact same way
is where Edie got the idea
for Drek's voice in the first place.
Mental.
Can't get any auditions
because Edie fired me for being
whatever. racist. disablist.
No one will touch me.
So she didn't just get me
fired from one job.
She got me fired
from the whole industry.
So this is me now.
I'm going to do me own thing.
Just me and you guys.
going direct.
No mainstream media required.
Mali and Nigeria. they were
all minting it. selling African slaves.
And then the Royal Navy shut down
their business and they're furious.
The Navy lost 17.000 men
freeing 150.000 slaves.
That's called paying a price.
But this lot. they don't
want to hear about that.
No. they're like. aw. they
blew all their slave money.
And then we stopped them
from selling human beings.
and so we need to give them
some more money.
And I'm like. why?
Instead of calling for reparations.
how about sending the Royal Navy
a thank you note instead?
I'm going to be doing
some more pranks later on.
Come down and say hello.
Details in my socials.
Play the game. bwah.
Next question from the fans.
from Lepine's Disciple.
Are you guys a couple?
Yeah.
No spoilers.
Are you saying
you know how it ends?
It has to end badly.
Or in a haze of drink and drugs.
No. that's now.
These are the good times.
Yeah. I'll leave them at home.
I'll ring you back.
Yeah. yeah.
- Oh. hey.
- Hi.
I wanted to update you on Edie Ledwell.
In the strictest confidence. of course.
Great. Thank you.
Do you want to come up?
No. no. no. That's OK.
I need to be getting back.
OK.
There's going to be
an article in the papers.
It'll say that a far-right group
called The Halvening
are claiming responsibility
for the murder of Edie Ledwell
along with pipe bombs being
sent to three female MPs.
I mean. the journalist says it's come
from one source done over email.
but we've been following this lot
for several months
and everything they've told
the journalists looks credible.
Have you got anything else
on Anomie?
We had a look and he spent a lot of time
and effort trying to tear Edie down.
which fits with one
of the Halvening's strategies.
But this game he created--
- Drek's game.
- Yeah. It's been running for three years.
I don't see the Halvening
bothering to build a whole game
just to go after one target.
Well. apart from what's in this article.
is there any evidence that
the Halvening killed Edie?
Well. we know the killer used
a taser on Edie and Josh.
And according to
the journalist's source.
the Halvening use Bitcoin
to get their kit off the dark web.
things like high-quality latex disguises
and materials for making bombs.
Using a taser fits with that.
- Why have they gone public now?
- Don't know.
Maybe one of them
grew a conscience.
Or they might have decided
that now it's time to start taking
credit for what they've done.
It's hard to tell.
We've got a big team working
on all of this.
- I just thought you'd want to know.
- Thank you. I really appreciate it.
It's nice seeing you again.
You too.
Strike and Ellacott Agency.
One moment.
Allan Yeoman for you.
Mr. Yeoman.
I've been meaning to call you.
- Hi.
- I am so sorry to hear about Edie.
I wish we'd been able to help.
You might still be able to.
Would you consider meeting me?
Yeah. of course we would.
Good to see you again.
Ms. Ellacott.
I'm Allan Yeoman.
I represented Edie Ledwell.
This is Richard Elgar.
the head of Maverick Films.
His company will be making
the "Ink Black Heart" film.
Don't let my accent throw you off.
We're a British company.
This is Edie's uncle. Grant Ledwell.
- Her next of kin.
- Hello.
We thought
we should include him.
I've taken on managing Edie's
share of the "Ink Black Heart."
- Sorry for your loss.
- Thank you.
Please sit down.
Have you heard anything more
from the police investigation?
They reckon it's far-right nutters angry
about Wally Cardew getting fired.
- Have you seen the papers?
- We read the article. yeah.
What about Josh Blay?
How is he?
I've spoken to Katya Upcott a few times.
She's Josh's agent. They're very close.
Josh is partially paralyzed.
I don't think he remembers very much.
- I wouldn't rely on Josh Blay.
- Why do you say that?
I'm just saying that he's the only one who
benefits from all this. isn't he?
He's the only creator left.
He's not the only Ledwell. though.
If the knife had gone 2 millimeters
to the left. he'd have been killed.
I don't think anyone
believes Josh is a suspect.
We should say that making this film
is absolutely in Josh's best interests.
The cost of his ongoing care
is going to be significant.
I think
he treated Edie very badly.
Guys. if I may. we should
let the police do their job.
We're here to discuss the film.
Well. exactly.
We can't sit here all day.
OK. so what we'd like you to
do is find out who Anomie is.
He's the creator of Drek's game.
I thought there were two creators.
Sure. but the other guy. Morehouse.
he's never been a problem.
Anomie is jeopardizing our movie.
Just before Edie died.
we were about to close the film deal.
Now. as Edie's heir. Grant can sign.
But as things stand.
Josh won't go ahead.
- Not while Anomie is still active.
- Josh just wants more money.
Josh knows how
vicious Anomie can be.
He's worried Anomie
will turn his sights on him.
No. it's me Anomie's targeting.
He's coming after me already.
What kind of things is he doing?
Well. saying stuff like
me and Heather started as an affair.
Is that true?
I'm not prying. I just want to know
if Anomie's information is accurate.
Well. my first marriage was
over in all but name.
But there's other stuff. like
knowing my ex-wife has lupus.
He's hostile to anyone
involved in the film project.
And if he continues like this.
he's going to toxify the entire brand.
No. but he's not hostile
to Josh. though. is he?
Always leaves Josh alone.
Now. this film is supposed
to be a no-brainer.
but now we've got Josh holding out
and we've got Edie's fiancé.
who's trying to get paid for a script--
That's not relevant here.
Who is Edie's fiancé?
Some bloke called Phillip Ormond.
He's a total chancer.
Find out who Anomie is so we
can get Josh to sign the deal.
That's what we're hoping
you will do for us.
We tried the cyber route you suggested.
but it went nowhere.
Security around the game is top-notch.
We need a new approach.
Can I just ask. were gaming
rights part of the film deal?
Yeah. and they still are.
So could you shut down Drek's
game on the basis of copyright
and go after Anomie that way?
He hasn't monetized his game.
so it would be hard to make
the case for financial loss.
And since we don't have
a real person to take to court--
Quite.
We need Anomie's real name.
How under the radar are
you planning on being?
We want to be discreet.
Josh's agent knows what we're doing
and she's supportive.
so you can talk to Katya.
Maybe Josh as well.
provided he's up to it.
You were Edie's first choice.
and I think with good reason.
So...
Do you think you might
be able to help us?
Absolutely.
Unless?
I'm in.
Thank you.
I have one question.
We find out who Anomie is.
what do you plan to do about it?
Once we have a name.
it shouldn't be hard to turn Anomie
from hunter to hunted.
We'll find evidence of hypocrisy.
racial insensitivity.
sexual harassment.
There's always something.
We'll put it out there.
Those who live by the mob
die by the mob.
Thank you.
We'll get started.
Edie was convinced that Anomie
was someone who knew her.
She tried to figure it out herself
by looking at Anomie's tweets.
When Edie attempted suicide.
Anomie knew about it
within hours of it happening.
And likewise. when they were
in talks about a feature film.
Anomie already knew which production
company was involved.
So Anomie is obviously someone
with access to inside information.
Now. this first group of suspects are
people that Josh and Edie worked with.
Most of them still live together in
an artists' collective up in Highgate.
Would you do the lights. Midge?
- Haze of drink and drugs.
- Nah. that's now.
These are the good times.
We're not doing this on our own.
North Grove Collective. say hello.
Nils is not just our landlord
and an artist in his own right.
but today he's also our cameraman.
Yeah. this is too many jobs.
That is Nils De Jung.
He owns the building they live in.
It's Pez Pierce.
ladies and gentlemen.
Though it's mostly the ladies
I'm talking to now.
And this guy is who Edie
told me was her main suspect.
Cheers. girls.
Swing by anytime.
Tell them who you play.
I play Magspie.
a thieving magpie.
And the fact that I'm a Scouser
is purely coincidental.
But if this interview
ever goes missing. though.
That'll be because it was too shite
to even go on the internet.
- You've done me already.
- Yeah. take a bow.
Now. this is Katya Upcott.
She started out helping them with PR
and ended up as their agent.
Edie moved on.
but Josh stayed with her.
She had access to all
their deal negotiations.
Wait. why am I last?
Main event. mate.
Headliner always comes on last.
That's right. bwah.
'Cause it's all about Drek.
You mean it's all about Wally.
Play the game. bwah.
Wally Cardew is someone the police
were already interested in
as a suspect in Edie's murder.
I've looked at the comments
section on his video channel.
It's full of people urging him to check
out the Brotherhood of Ultima Thule.
- What's that?
- They're an alt-right movement.
They reckon they're
reviving Viking ideals.
I'm not sure the original Vikings
were that bothered about
feminists or racial purity.
I'm thinking they might be a feeder group
for the Halvening.
who've claimed responsibility
for Edie's murder.
North Grove offer evening art classes.
which anyone can sign up for.
so I have enrolled
in a class with Mariam.
who is married to Nils.
so I'll be watching Nils and Pez.
You're doing Venetia Hall again?
No. I am Jessica.
marketing executive
who's always regretted
dropping A-level art.
And what about the others?
So this is Kea Niven.
Josh's ex-girlfriend.
And Yasmin Weatherhead
is a PA that Edie fired.
Edie ended up discounting both of them
because when Josh broke up with Kea.
she no longer had access
to inside information.
and the same goes for Yasmin.
They're not ruled out as Anomie.
They're just low priority.
And Yasmin's a writer?
She's writing a book about
being an "Ink Black Heart" fan.
Oh. that's
my holiday reading sorted.
The last one we've added is not someone
Edie had as a suspect.
Phillip Ormond. her fiancé.
Ormond lived with Edie. so he had
access to personal information.
She also had bruising on her neck.
which she avoided talking about.
so we definitely need to watch him.
What we want to do is rule out as many
of these as soon as possible.
You're all going to
follow Anomie on Twitter.
If Anomie is active
and you can see your suspect's
not on a computer or on a phone.
we can rule them out.
- How often does Anomie tweet?
- Five or six times a day.
More if they get into an argument.
We should also sign up for Drek's game.
Anomie's on there all the time.
My ex used to get dead excited
when she was talking to him.
like she'd met the Pope
or something.
It was ridiculous.
Drek says no new players.
Maybe they're worried about
the police sniffing about.
Murphy mentioned the Halvening
might have used the game
to stir up hate
against Edie. so yeah.
Is there a chance your ex
might let us use her login?
Oh. we've not spoken for.
like. a year.
Yeah. the relationship ended
with a lot of daytime sex.
only I wasn't the one
having it with her.
Oh. sorry.
Forget I asked.
Twitter it is.
Barclay. you're on the fiancé.
Phillip Ormond.
He teaches in Gospel Oak
and lives in Finchley.
Midge. you're on Katya Upcott.
I'm going to be watching Wally.
I'm not being funny. but you should try
and look like that more often.
Yeah. Jessica is anxious about people
thinking she's a corporate sellout.
Jessica could be working for Satan
and most boys won't give a monkey's
with her looking like you do.
Before you go. can you
take a look at the rota?
I've got you down
for 60 hours this week.
Yeah. I know.
We need to find more people.
See you.
How's she going to find a boyfriend
if she never stops working?
Maybe she's shagging Strike.
She's got more sense than that.
Here I am in Regent's Park
asking people what they like to eat for
dinner on a Friday night.
Here. I've got a good one here
with this geezer here.
Got one here now.
Excuse me. mate.
Excuse me. mate...
Want to talk about it? No?
- Barclay.
- Do you speak English?
I've got eyes on Edie's fiancé.
He's glued to his phone.
Nothing happening
in Anomie's Twitter.
You're all set up then?
Aye. I'm using the account I used to
have that's still got a few followers.
Bit less sus than
a new one. eh?
So long as it doesn't have
your name on it.
Username's Tartan Rizla.
- You're a class act. Barclay.
- Right. I'm off.
Yeah.
See you.
- I'm from California.
- Oh. all right.
- Do you like the food here?
- Yeah. It's OK.
You like noodles?
- What?
- Noodles!
- You like noodles.
- Screw you. dude.
- You don't like noodle.
- Frickin' prick.
- Hi. I'm Jessica. here for life drawing.
- It's my class.
I'm Mariam. Follow me.
There we go.
Right.
You're ready for drawing.
We just need the life bit now.
One sec.
We're starting.
This is Preston. or Pez.
He lives here. He's a very talented artist
in his own right.
Jessica's our new girl.
Jessica. why don't you tell us
what you're hoping
to get out of the class?
Hi. I'm Jessica. I did A-level art.
but nothing since then.
I work in marketing
and I suppose I'm here
because I'm hoping there's more
to life than marketing.
I guess I just--
I just I really like drawing.
Well. you've come
to the right place.
Right. get started. everyone.
That's beautiful work on the hand.
- You can certainly draw.
- Thanks.
But this.
I just haven't got to that bit.
Well. a penis is far less
challenging than a hand.
All right. time's up. everyone.
Drinks in the kitchen.
Fuck.
This is amazing.
Mariam did that
about five or six years ago.
Everyone in it's a mate of hers.
I'm helping roof the house.
Ledwell and Blay are on there?
Ledwell and who?
Sorry.
You seriously don't know who they are?
They created the "Ink Black Heart."
They met here.
This house is iconic.
I haven't seen you here before.
I joined an oil painting class.
Edie was murdered last month.
Yeah. she was.
and she was a mate of mine. so her
being murdered isn't fucking gossip.
So don't show up here
pretending that you want to paint.
The cemetery's only down the road.
Go on. have a sniff around.
There might be still some of her blood on
the grass if you're wanting a souvenir.
I'm sorry.
Fans are the worst.
I'm so sorry about your friend.
Not much to say. is there?
Edie's at the top. She's chucking an apple
from the tree to Josh.
"A state of anomie is impossible
wherever organs--"
Come on.
Why don't we grab a proper drink.
you and me?
I've actually got an early start.
But next week?
Yeah.
I'll hold you to that.
For the youngsters.
you have a broad-based appeal.
but crucially.
you know how to use humor.
And that's powerful because the majority
of people in this country. deep down.
they're race realists like we are.
But they're afraid to say what they think.
But you say exactly
what you think. Wally.
And that's why people love you.
If you decide to join us.
we can amplify that.
Midge. you are amazing.
- You got the login?
- Yeah.
You owe me big time.
- Right.
- Now. you can't just jump in.
Beth's been playing this game for years.
People know her.
- Do you want to tell me a bit about her?
- Yeah. Lying. cheating bitch.
I might need a little bit more than that.
Sorry it's late.
- No. it's fine.
- I really appreciate this.
Right. Username...
BuffyPaws95037. all one word.
Password...
WishIWasWithEllen.
So this is the homepage
where everybody meets.
I mean. the whole game is
a glorified chat room. really.
- Weird. Won't let me screenshot.
- No. it's against the rules.
Double click on BuffyPaws
and you can see her point of view.
Hey. BuffyPaws.
Long time no see.
Hi. How are you?
You all right?
Come on. mate.
- There you are. mate.
- There you go.
You came back.
Yes. I missed this place.
Favorite kind of dog?
Oh. trick question.
Beth likes cats.
Cat.
LOL.
Welcome back.
Come with me.
Oi!
Come here.
Bravo keno. need backup now.
Suspect is 6'3''. leather jacket.
tattoos on his...
horrible bald head.
What's going on?
Never seen this.
Not sure where he's taking you.
Ask me the question.
What question?
You came back
because you want to know.
Did I kill Edie Ledwell?
I did.
And you are welcome.